#SimuTrade
##Overview

Welcome to SimuTrade! This is a cross-platform desktop application built using Tauri, a framework for building smaller, faster, and more secure Electron apps.
Features

    Cross-platform: SimuTrade runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
    Lightweight: Tauri allows us to build compact applications without sacrificing performance.
    Secure: Tauri provides enhanced security by using system APIs directly.

Getting Started
Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following installed:

    Node.js
    Rust

Installation

    Clone the repository:

    bash

git clone https://github.com/ArthurBertier/SimuTrade.git
cd SimuTrade
cd tauri-app

Install dependencies:

bash

     install
Install bun:
curl -fsSL https://bun.sh/install | bash

Development

To run SimuTrade in development mode, use the following command:

bash

bun run tauri dev

This command starts the Tauri development server and opens the application window. Any changes you make to the code will automatically trigger a hot reload.
Production Build

To create a production-ready build, use the following command:

bash

bun run tauri build

This will generate distributable files for your specific operating system.
Project Structure

The project structure is organized as follows:

    src: Contains the source code of the Tauri application.
    dist: Contains the distribution files generated by the build process.
    tauri.conf.js: Configuration file for Tauri.

Contributing

If you want to contribute to MyAwesomeApp, please follow the guidelines in CONTRIBUTING.md.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
Acknowledgments

    Tauri for providing an excellent framework.
    The open-source community for their continuous support and contributions.

Thank you for using SimuTrade! If you have any questions or issues, feel free to open an issue.
